#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.4
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.11
    # via langchain
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.42.0
    # via langchain-anthropic
anyio==4.7.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   httpx
    #   openai
attrs==24.3.0
    # via aiohttp
autoflake==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
autopep8==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
boto3==1.35.87
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-aws
botocore==1.35.87
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via -r requirements.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via langchain-anthropic
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
filetype==1.2.0
    # via langchain-google-genai
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.10
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.24.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.156.0
    # via google-generativeai
google-auth==2.37.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.8.3
    # via langchain-google-genai
googleapis-common-protos==1.66.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.68.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.68.1
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   openai
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jiter==0.8.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.13
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-anthropic==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-aws==0.2.10
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.28
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-aws
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-ollama
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-google-genai==2.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-ollama==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-openai==0.2.14
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.4
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
libcst==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
numpy==2.2.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-aws
ollama==0.4.4
    # via langchain-ollama
openai==1.58.1
    # via langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.12
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via langchain-core
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.25.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.29.2
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pycodestyle==2.12.1
    # via autopep8
pydantic==2.10.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   google-generativeai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-aws
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via autoflake
pyparsing==3.2.0
    # via httplib2
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via botocore
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   libcst
regex==2024.11.6
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.10.4
    # via boto3
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.36
    # via langchain
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.8.0
    # via langchain-openai
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   openai
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   google-generativeai
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
